hey everyone awesome this is Joyce here
and today we're bringing you Orbeez mood
light I'm sure you guys remember the
first Orbeez said I played with and that
was really cool so I can't wait to see
how this one turns out it looks like
we'll be filling up this mood light with
2000 Orbeez that's a lot let's take
everything out of the box and here are
all the orbit we get blue green and
clear the packet also states how many
Orbeez are in each one
and here's the Orbeez mood light it kind
of looks like a lava lamp and here's a
closer look at the light bulb you also
need three Triple A batteries in order
for the light to work unfortunately they
don't provide you with the batteries so
you'll need to buy it on your own
now that we have our batteries in let's
check out the lights
here's how it looks if you click it once
you get a solid red light and if you
click it again it starts to blink it's a
combination of blue purple and red and
if you click it one more time you get
this before we could have any fun we'll
need to make some Orbeez
I'll make some clear ones for each
Orbeez packet you need one cup of water
I'll also make some blue Orbeez
did the or be some time to soak in all
of the water and here's how it should
look when it's finished here's a closer
look at the blue ones and here's a
closer look at the clear ones these
Orbeez are so cool now it's time to put
all of the Orbeez into the mood light
I'll be doing a combination of blue and
clear
now it's time to set the mood and turn
on the light here's the first one here's
the second one and here's the third one
I turned off the lights so that you
could see it much more clearly enjoy
I can't stop staring at this lewd light
this is so much fun thanks for watching
please subscribe to watch more see you
soon